Hmm
It's everyone's friend's advocacy Well, there's a movie poster and an annual movie
Introduction
I think that I want to to it is introduced here is
It's nice to meet you
Yes
Follow
It is a so-called vcm so-called
Well, those who know well have come out with a sequel to the popular destination that I know .
File 4 is missing Teru'tsu
It's a lot but it's easy to say
Are based story of gamblers who are hitting the back society high rate of Mahjong
A weapon that does not stop from synchronized weapon skin
What
Everyone says it 's a true gambler who keeps fighting with a lone wolf
There are no minerals in the middle of this work, and the character corresponding to the martial arts is in the middle.
Hakamada's plays
There is a demand for the version of the sea Apartment Mahjong
It is strong like a changing moon without loss in high rate mahjong
That Jan child that you
And yes he is the leading role and he's eyes
It does not mean that we will proceed with the story of ow
Laughing along
Which one is the center of the story and the story goes on ?
Yes
Put in the lever
Played by their weapons
Ann's pro version c is a pro that contains pro
I like page of it is just uncrowned
The uncrowned Emperor is always once a tournament without a winner.
I'd go to the finals Kane' in the finals
It's strong, but Imai can not win anywhere
Dull
I'm I'm I proceed or very strong Ogawa also a professional mahjong national holiday
So I said I enjoyed this movie
Come out is still attention but I'm interesting to look into Yaa
It is the performance of Mr. Nobuhiko Takada
Well I'm a professional wrestler
Acting between the parties is not not a professional
It is cheap in the opposite good sense
I'm not saying I'm an idiot Good luck auspicious
It's okay, but it's a one night regional league, but
Is it the other canoe Duan Chang says Oh ce was gone Iya'e It is a scene
It Muchi' 3 Niño Tinko trip ended up doing most but I was also there elsewhere
There are three in the end I think that I want to do a little by that scene
eh
Tell me one
Where the wonder if it is the turning point of the flow
It was completely my winning way
that is
It was a distant place in the third round
It can be seen in me
I made a painting atmosphere and brought in my debut song
No
Two thousand tons and four songs
It is because you were Chima' doing this
It is such a thing like this
that is
The third round of the street Author
I
Immediately to the times and have tilt
It is Mukai Senton Long
I of I'm not help Yara medicine Speaking of the package Well Antan
Embarrassing scene as a professional meet in this 3
In the pot without leave was of me as I there or another
It 's already cool, so it's different now it's a village, but it's still white with videos
is
Well, though, I introduced that as a little meter now
Spotted over there even though this is vc Well
It is very interesting and we have series much followed
In a little confusing I think the you were the person who do not know mah-jongg in the has come out even comics
I though very If there knows Toka Mahjong
I think it is a work to be seen in divorce a
Please take a look
Punch line of the
I really recommend it
5 people
I mean
I think ana
queen
I want to say what I say I can see how many movies I 'll sell, so again next time
Let's meet
See you again
Somewhat recently-It 's really interesting cheap manager of manager tbt .
I have not registered for
The chart was over